Two choices
===========

PCs can either use the map if they got it to find the gnollish outpost in the forest or they can 
pose as civilians and get captured.

Either way, there is a small gnollish outpost in the woods in the NW of the country. Not a whole 
army, but enough to be very dangerous. They're smart (cause merchants and cultists) so they move
frequently and haven't been caught yet. If the PCs don't use the capture method they will need to
trek through the woods (fighting stuff as they go) to get here.

First task: break out the hostages via either stealth or force (if they are capable of doing so).
Second task: wipe out the camp (after having achieved the requisite strength to do so).

After routing the camp, they explore the leader's tent to find several strange things:

- a map with big Xs over all the spots that the gnolls have massacred. 
- a map of the mountains to the north where the gnoll king is hiding out

gnolls might divulge secrets after torture

They find lots of other suspiciously good gear and spell components here.

Gnoll king
==========

The gnoll king has taken up residence in the mountains on the north border of the country. He 
doesn't know it, but he's staying in the now abandoned layer of an old dragon who once lived there.
That dragon is the one who "killed" the lich king before he realized the truth of his condition. The
king of course also killed the dragon in the process. Eventually, he returned for the dragon's horde
to fund some of his vengeance-inspiring ventures. Nothing, save for a few small trinkets, leaves any
indication that this was once the layer of a dragon.

On the way up the mountains the PCs encounter some hillbillies. They are the far off descendents of
a group of people who worshipped the dragon who once lived in the mountain. The dragon merely 
tolerated his worshiper's presence so long as they were not in the way, and he never informed them
of his plans or actions. So one day when he just disappeared the worshipers did not know he had been
slain. They eventually left his caves and some of them settled in the forest here long ago. Every
day they would pray for the dragon to return. Over time, inbreeding and lack of education reduced
them into their current state. They no longer know anything about the dragon. They worship the 
mountain now, although they perform the same rites their ancestors did when praying to the dragon.
They have no clue what it all means; they're simply mimicking the motions and words that their
parents and their parents before them did.

PCs have to fight their way up the mountainside and then into the gnollish compound, and ultimately
to the king. They fight him, he reveals he had been put into power in exchange for his commanding
the gnolls to do the massacres in a specific way. He drops some hints about robed figures and
merchants giving them magic and gear.

