Races
=====

Humans
------

Humans are the dominant race in the centrals cities and in the nation at large, despite the 
generally high levels of diversity in the country. Humans tend to hold the majority of positions of
influence both in the economic and political spheres.

Dwarves
-------

Because of the rich underground resources in the country, Dwarves are frequently drawn here. Many
Dwarves work in mines in the outlying areas of the nation, but many certain do find their way to
the central cities.
Dwarves most often find Crent to their liking, as the ever-open markets and vendors offer a great
opportunity to sell their wares and find rare materials. Some Dwarves with an eye for government
or leadership settle in Regunt and take a post at the head of a guild or legal office. Dwarves 
rarely tend to have the patience for as wild a city as Oblectant.

Elves
-----

Elves do come to the central cities in some numbers, but are rarely found elsewhere the nation.
Drawn by the wealth of craftsmanship and artistic talent, Elves come to display their own prowess
and compare their works to other master artisans. Because of this, most Elves make their home in
a de-facto Elven district in Crent, where they can live in a manner closer to home while still 
reaping the advantages of the city. Elves almost never bother with the political and mercantile
business that takes place in Regunt, but sometimes are drawn to the lively music and performances
in Oblectant.

Gnomes
------

The constant festivites and general excitement of Oblectant are perfectly suited to the typical
Gnome's mentality. There they delight in taking part in or simply watching performances. While some
rise to great heights in official groups, most Gnomes find great pleasure in being street performers
or vendors. Gnomes with an eye for business or a craving for the excitement of mercantile 
enterprises will sometimes venture into Crent to try their luck there.
Regunt is far to boring and rigid for the majority of Gnomes and they are rarely seen
there.

Halflings
---------

The hubbub and excitement of the central cities are perfectly suited to a Halfling's demeanor, and
they can be found in great numbers in any of the cities. Artisans, shopkeepers, performers, and
even occasionally politicians, a Halfling's upbeat and amiable attitude is a formidable asset.

Half-Elves
----------

Half-elves face no discrimination for the mixed origin in any of the central cities, where diversity
is welcome and omnipresent. Because of this welcoming environment, Half-Elves have flourished in
the region and many travel from distant lands to come here. Here, their mixed origin plays to their
advantage, and they are well suited to any role in the cities. However, many heed the call of their
Elven side and find themselves as either artisans in Crent or performers in Oblectant.

Half-Orcs
---------

Although diversity is welcomed in the central cities, brutishness and crass are not. Although not
hated or feared by any means, most Half-Orcs simply do not fit into the lifestyle of these cities,
and so choose instead to live in the outlying towns and villages of the nation. Those who do choose
to live the cities tend to make their living as bodyguards for wealthy politicians or merchants, or
as a part of the police force.

Classes
=======

Barbarians
----------

The civilized and well-kept lands of the nation are inhospitable to barbarian tribes. There are no
naturally occurring tribes in this area, so any barbarians who have come to the country have come
from elsewhere. Incivility and brutishness are frowned upon universally across the country, and
many barbarians will find it a challenge to be welcomed or fit in.

Bards
-----

A bard always has a place in the central cities, even if most do choose to settle in Oblectant. The
musical college and The Dragon's Teeth provide everlasting opportunities for a bard to prove his
worth and make a name for himself. In other cities, bards often put on a friendly face as the
frontmen for guilds and political organizations. Outside of the cities few bards settle, but the
outlying towns always have a need for entertainment, and there are frequently wandering minstrels
who pass through.

Clerics
-------

Clerics of all the civilized gods are welcome in the nation, but clerics of Abadar will find 
themselves particularly at home here. Aside from their religious duties, clerics are most frequently
found in positions of political power. In particular, members of the senate are always clerics who
are appointed by the churches of the nation. Clerics of any civilized deity will find a place in the
central cities. Clerics of law or commerce may prefer Regunt, while clerics of the wilds or the more
base pleasures may find Oblectant more to their liking.

Druids
------

As a shining example of civilization and urbanization, most druids avoid the central cities and the
nation as a whole. However, the rich bounties of the land prove to some druids and insatiable 
calling. Many of these druids do not wind up in the central cities, preferring instead to live in
outlying towns and villages, but some do come into the more urban areas to provide guidance or
ritualistic help for government endeavors which involve the land.

Fighters
--------

Whether as bodyguards or members of the national police force, a good fighter is always in need
wherever he may be. There is no true military force in the nation, so very few fighters are proper
soliders. The natural borders of the country stave off foreign intrusion.

Monks
-----

Monks seeking purification and enlightenment through order and community may find themselves at home
in the central cities. However, there are no official monk sects who call this nation their home.
Despite this, martial prowess and spiritual leadership are valued traits both inside and outside
the central cities, and a monk will not find themselves without employment for long.

Paladins
--------

Although the nation was founded as a result of a crusade, it has grown so prosperous and successful
that paladins are not seen as needed by national officials. However, because of the strong religious
presence in the nation, many paladins still find themselves drawn here to advance their causes. A
paladin should be cautious, however, as in the court room the nation's laws will always trump any
conflicting religious edict.

Rangers
-------

Rangers are abundant in the nation, but less frequently found in the central cities, save when they
travel there to drop off good gathered from the wilderness or to seek out new hunts and bounties.
Rangers who do choose to make a living in the city often do so as members of the police or as
privately employed bounty hunters. In outlying areas, a ranger will find many places to call his 
home.

Rogues
------

Although central cities are lawful and safe places, a rogue's talents are nonetheless very useful to
the elite of the cities. Merchants and politicians alike can always find a use for someone with
quick hands and silent feet. Outside the central cities, non-criminal rogues are less common and
most frequently make their livings as trappers or hunters.

Sorcerers
---------

Sorcerers may not benefit from the vast libraries and universities of the nation, but they may still
enjoy its wild atmospheres and opportunities provided here. Sorcerers with the skill for panache and
performance may find themselves drawn to Oblectant, while those who wish to put their magical 
abilities to use to further their own wealth or careers may find Regunt or Crent more to their 
liking.

Wizards
-------

The vast libraries and combined cultural knowledge of the central cities are a great resource to
many wizards, and none will struggle to find employment here. Whether as part of a merchant's 
retinue as an appraiser of magical goods or a craftsman in his own right, magical talent is always
useful in the nation.

Cities
======

Crent
-----

N Large City
Total Population: 16,000
Percentages:
  Humans:     60%
  Dwarves:    12%
  Elves:      8%
  Gnomes      2%
  Halflings:  6%
  Half-elves: 12%
  Other:      1%

Oblectant
---------

CG Large City
Total Population: 8,500
Percentages:
  Humans:     52%
  Dwarves:    1%
  Elves:      1%
  Gnomes      6%
  Halflings:  17%
  Half-elves: 19%
  Other:      3%

Regunt
------

LN Large City
Total Population: 13,000
Percentages:
  Humans:     72%
  Dwarves:    2%
  Elves:      3%
  Halflings:  12%
  Half-elves: 8%
  Half-Orcs:  2%
  Other:      1%