Campaign History
================

0: Barb king unites/slaughters all tribes under zealot for glory death to god
5: Barb king completely sacks kingdom, razes everything
5: Barb king knows they ultimately need to die. Interrogates kingdom officials 
   to find greater threat. Learns of powerful wizard in the wilderness.
8: Barb king finds and sieges the wizard tower. Epic battle. All the barbs die. 
   Eventually just the king and the wizard facing off. Wizard critically wounds 
   the king. King slays wizard before he dies, starts exalting in his glory to
   his god. Wizard not totally dead yet, sees this, curses king to undeath
   eternal as a lich. Wizard dies. King does not.
8: King confused, but still hopeful. Realizes that the whole kingdom is dead, 
   but surely someone will come to rebuild. In his paniced state, he waits in
   the tower.
28: Scions of Abadar come to rebuild. King gets super excited. Watches them for
    a while to make sure they are worthy. They slay a large monster in the 
    ruins. King shows up, openly challenges them. First fight, king discovers
    that he has lich powers now. Obliterates the challenger. Confused, he turns
    on all others at once and wrecks them. King realizes he is much, much 
    stronger. Becomes panicked and thinks that surely there is something more
    dangerous in the wilderness like where the wizard was from.
78: For 50 years, king wanders the wilderness killing all powerful monsters. In
    the process, making the kingdom safer unknowingly. Eventually, comes face to
    face with an elder dragon. The fight is very hard. He kills the dragon, but
    the dragon disintigrates the king with his dying breath. King thinks, 
    "finally." King rematerializes in the wizard's library. Incredibly confused
    and angry. He sees a glowing amulet on the wizard's skeleton. At this point,
    he has snapped. He has lived now three times as long as any barbarian 
    should, and technically died twice unsuccessfully.
    His transformation has given him extra intelligence. Madly hopeful,
    he goes to the wizard library to find out what happened.
83: Learns the details of his transformation and other wizardly things. Is
    incredibly distraught. He is so strong now, and so hard to kill. In a fit
    of rage he almost destroys his own phylactery but then realizes that he 
    still needs to die in battle, not suicide. Has gone totally crazy now.
    He only
    understands 3 motivations: glory, self-preservation, and hatred. He tried
    motivating adversaries with glory and self-preservation, and both of those
    failed. In his madness, he reasons that hatred must be the only motivation
    that will be strong enough to kill him. So he waits for people to return.
133: King wants to keep the land open. Kills dangerous monsters. Maybe one of 
     them will beat him, but of course that doesn't happen.
     People start returning to colonize the land since there are no monsters.
     King waits eagerly for them to rebuild a few sizeable villages. As soon as
     they do, he goes in and completely slaughters the villages himself in full
     view of everyone screaming and being terrifying. Too terrifying. The 
     settlers all leave, leaving everything behind. King returns to tower, and
     realizes that, in his power, he is too scary to actually motivate hatred,
     only fear. Reads more about psychology from the library. Decides to wait
     longer this time and study the settlers.
140: The first crusading party of the church of Abadar return to the area.
283: Over 150 years, settlers returned, and the kingdom is starting to
     grow. King has been scheming the whole time and keeping the land safe to
     make sure the settlers can populate. Has taken the barbarian almost 300 
     years to learn patience. He watches the kingdom from afar, looking at what
     inspires hatred and revenge among the populace. Starts keeping a journal 
     Sees common themes, realizes that he can take them to the extreme, but
     knows that he can't do it himself or too much fear. Needs to establish
     some helpers.
783: 500 years later, the kingdom is prospering. The lich has spent all this 
     time trying schemes. Some things work, others don't, but nothing has been
     totally successful. The lich has stopped killing monsters and started
     recruiting them. Gnolls have moved into the outlands where the barbarians
     once lived. Lich now has an extensive network of minions who do various
     evil things. At this point, the lich is much more lich than barbarian 
     mentally. Doesn't want to ruin his long term plans by taking more drastic
     actions.
800: The campaign begins.


Present Society
===============

Scions in 28 were just wanderers, not comissioned by the church of Abadar. 
Settlers 133 were missionaries from the church of Abadar. Scared away, they fled
back to the church and claimed they were driven out by an evil natural force.
The church mounted a crusade mission and returned. They performed many rituals
to "cleanse" the land of the malicious force. Of course, the lich king was 
allowing them to reenter, so they suffered no harm and thought their crusade
was successful. The kingdom is now partially a theocracy due to the heavy
religious influences of its origins.

Politics
--------

The lowest seat of power is a house of representatives which hold elected 
officials from the general populace. The house selects an Emperor.

There is a senate which has members appointed by the various churches, 
especially the church of Abadar. It often behooves the church to appoint people
who are in favor with the House, though.

The goal of the evil merchants is to gain majority control of the senate then
assassinate the emperor and take full control.

Economy
-------

(See geographical history) The land here is verdant and lush with natural 
resources. The hills have many cavernous mines.

Culture
-------

Religion is important, but the kingdom is a melting pot. Prosperous cities are
built atop hills, but there are many other smaller towns and villages spread out
in the agricultural and mining areas of the kingdom.

Geography
=========

Nation is surrounded by a horseshoe of mountains to the north. Pass to desert
kingdom to the north. To the south is an enormous deep cavern. Explanation:
Thousands/10000s of years ago, at the time of the dawning of intelligent life
on this planet somewhere far away, astral travelers came and tried to settle.
They wanted to enrich the earth by sacrificing the souls of elementals, who they
had never dealt with and thought were dumb beasts, and infusing them into the
earth to create fertile soil and rich mines. They built a small metropolis but
eventually woke an ancient earth elemental, who dragged down their metropolis
into a giant chasm. Their now long since dead metropolis still floats deep
within the chasm while the ancient elemental slumbers.

The chasm separates and isolates this kingdom from southern advances.


   